---
title: Finally, I've started
date: 2018-07-04
tag: Personal
description: Personal stuff
type: post
---

# this is the title


I remember being in a hotel in Argentina, this would have been in early 2012 and I swore
to myself, absolutely swore that I was going to begin writing. Didn't do it.

I remember being in Toronto, this was probably the summer of 2013 and I was just
absolutely confident that this time was different, I would begin to write about
economics and politics and all that stuff that I cared about. Didn't do it.

I moved to China in early 2015, that seems like it would have been a good time to begin
writing, right? Everyone does that, starts a little blog about how weird the Chinese are?
Didn't do it.

> Geez man maybe you should be a writer or something...

I like to think that many people have said this to me many times, but I'm not sure that
is so true. People have said it to me but I don't know if that's the consensus. Factually
I think my attitudes towards things often piss people off - but isn't that even more
evidence that I should be putting my opinions out there? I like people who are malcontents.
I like the dispossessed. I like heretics. I'm all of those, so I gotta put myself out there.
Regardless of whether I write anything that's useful for anyone else, I gotta do it for me.
I need to make something I can be proud of, so here it is. If it's my journal, just a
journal, that's OK.

UPDATE: May 23
I was coming back from Hong Kong today and I met a guy (Daniel) from Colombia, and man did I 
help him out. Yeah, mostly I helped him find his way into the metro and then to the SZ airport,
but also I really laid it out from him about how China works. It felt good. I'm on top of it, 
I have some interesting thoughts, but I really have to eke out the time to be serious about it.
Movie making, bloging, that's my niche.
